Getting Started with Calendar: Add a tutorial (#3386)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Calendar/00 Getting Started with Calendar/25 Add a Today Button.md

> Set the [showTodayButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#showTodayButton) property to **true** to add a **Today** button that selects the current date.

Reviewer: To remove the repetition of "to":

```suggestion
Enable the [showTodayButton](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#showTodayButton) property to add a **Today** button that selects the current date.
```
